This finishes this Java EE Getting Started course.
Congratulations, you've made it.
You've completed the journey throughout the basics of Java EE.
But the road is not finished.
Java EE was created in 1998, it grew throughout the versions,
and addresses many architectural styles.
Therefore, you can imagine that there is so much more to learn.
The good news is that there are plenty of references out there on Java EE,
from beginning to higher level articles,
technical blogs, business analysis and so on.
But always remember to read the Java EE specifications on the JCP website.
Version 7 of the enterprise application is described in the JSR 342 at the JCP.
org website.
Same for Angular, even if the technology is younger.
There are many references out there and I recommend
the Angular tutorial on the Angular.
io website.
In terms of books, it's shamelessly that I do some advertising here.
I've written a few books, including an entire one on Java EE 7.
It is a technical book and it covers most of the Java EE specifications.
It's an easy step by step book to follow,
you should check it out, as well as my author page at Amazon.
And of course,
you can always check other Pluralsight courses if you
need to dig into more technical detail.
This Java EE Getting Started course is very code focused.
It takes you from a white page to a complete web application.
You can then attend the Java EE 7 Fundamentals course,
which gives you an intermediate level on Java EE by
introducing most of the Java EE specifications.
Less technical,
you have the Java EE Big Picture course that will focus
on the business analysis of Java EE.
Check it out if you want to understand if Java EE is
suited for your project or not.
If you want more technical knowledge,
you can now bridge the other Java EE specifications.
Pluralsight has dedicated course on Java Persistence API,
Bean Validation, Context and Dependency Injection,
WebSockets, Web Technology, or RESTful Web Services.
Just go to the Pluralsight website and look for courses on Java EE.
I've created a few myself, but there is much more than these ones.
Give it a try.
This course was mainly about Java EE while
considering Angular for the front-end.
I didn't cover Angular much, but Pluralsight has great content on Angular,
from the Getting Started course to Angular Fundamentals.
And then you can dive into Angular Routing,
Forms, Reactive Forms, Angular CLI or End-to-end.
As you can see, there are quite a few courses on the Pluralsight website.
But make sure to look for courses on Angular version 2 upwards.
Angular 1 was very different from what you saw in this course.
It's all up to you now.
This ends this Java EE Getting Started course.
I hope you enjoyed taking this course and more important
have learned a lot about this technology.
I hope you'll be able to take Java EE into your projects. Thanks for attending, bye.